fix inconsistent indentation in README (#111)
mautic/docker-mautic: README.md

#### Database Options
-   `-e MAUTIC_DB_HOST=...` (defaults to the IP and port of the linked `mysql` container)
-   `-e MAUTIC_DB_USER=...` (defaults to "root")
-   `-e MAUTIC_DB_PASSWORD=...` (defaults to the value of the `MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD` environment variable from the linked `mysql` container)
-   `-e MAUTIC_DB_NAME=...` (defaults to "mautic")
-   `-e MAUTIC_DB_TABLE_PREFIX=...` (defaults to empty) Add prefix do Mautic Tables. Very useful when migrate existing databases from another server to docker.

If you'd like to use an external database instead of a linked `mysql` container, specify the hostname and port with `MAUTIC_DB_HOST` along with the password in `MAUTIC_DB_PASSWORD` and the username in `MAUTIC_DB_USER` (if it is something other than `root`).

If the `MAUTIC_DB_NAME` specified does not already exist on the given MySQL server, it will be created automatically upon startup of the `mautic` container, provided that the `MAUTIC_DB_USER` specified has the necessary permissions to create it.

### Mautic Options
-   `-e MAUTIC_RUN_CRON_JOBS=...` (defaults to true - enabled) If set to true runs mautic cron jobs using included cron daemon

> -   `-e MAUTIC_TRUSTED_PROXIES=...` (defaults to empty) If it's Mautic behing a reverse proxy you can set a list of comma separated CIDR network addresses it sets those addreses as trusted proxies. You can use `0.0.0.0/0` or See [documentation](http://symfony.com/doc/current/request/load_balancer_reverse_proxy.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `-e MAUTIC_TRUSTED_PROXIES=...` (defaults to empty) If it's Mautic behind a reverse proxy you can set a list of comma-separated CIDR network addresses it sets those addresses as trusted proxies. You can use `0.0.0.0/0` or See [documentation](http://symfony.com/doc/current/request/load_balancer_reverse_proxy.html)
```
